.TH "DL::Delegate0" 3 "11 Mar 2005" "Version 0.0.4" "Extended C++ Callback Library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
DL::Delegate0 \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Delegate0.hpp>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBDL::DelegateBase\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDelegate0\fP (ClassType *class_obj, ReturnType(ClassType::*method)())"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Delegate0\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBInvoke\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDelegate0\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ClassType * \fBm_class_obj\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ReturnType(ClassType::* \fBm_method\fP )()"
.br
.in -1c

.SS "template<class ReturnType, class ClassType> class DL::Delegate0< ReturnType, ClassType >"

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class ReturnType, class ClassType> \fBDL::Delegate0\fP< ReturnType, ClassType >::\fBDelegate0\fP ()\fC [inline, private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file Delegate0.hpp.
.SS "template<class ReturnType, class ClassType> \fBDL::Delegate0\fP< ReturnType, ClassType >::\fBDelegate0\fP (ClassType * class_obj, ReturnType(ClassType::*)() method)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file Delegate0.hpp.
.PP
References DL::Delegate0< ReturnType, ClassType >::m_class_obj, and DL::Delegate0< ReturnType, ClassType >::m_method.
.SS "template<class ReturnType, class ClassType> virtual \fBDL::Delegate0\fP< ReturnType, ClassType >::~\fBDelegate0\fP ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file Delegate0.hpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class ReturnType, class ClassType> void \fBDL::Delegate0\fP< ReturnType, ClassType >::Invoke ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Implements \fBDL::DelegateBase\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 38 of file Delegate0.hpp.
.PP
References DL::Delegate0< ReturnType, ClassType >::m_class_obj, and DL::Delegate0< ReturnType, ClassType >::m_method.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class ReturnType, class ClassType> ClassType* \fBDL::Delegate0\fP< ReturnType, ClassType >::\fBm_class_obj\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file Delegate0.hpp.
.PP
Referenced by DL::Delegate0< ReturnType, ClassType >::Delegate0(), and DL::Delegate0< ReturnType, ClassType >::Invoke().
.SS "template<class ReturnType, class ClassType> ReturnType(ClassType::* \fBDL::Delegate0\fP< ReturnType, ClassType >::\fBm_method\fP)()\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Referenced by DL::Delegate0< ReturnType, ClassType >::Delegate0(), and DL::Delegate0< ReturnType, ClassType >::Invoke().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Extended C++ Callback Library from the source code.
