.TH "DL::DelegateList" 3 "11 Mar 2005" "Version 0.0.4" "Extended C++ Callback Library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
DL::DelegateList \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <DelegateList.hpp>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~DelegateList\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd\fP (\fBDelegateObj\fP m_obj)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBreverse_call\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcall\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator()\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::deque< \fBDelegateBase\fP * > \fBm_obj_list\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual DL::DelegateList::~\fBDelegateList\fP ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file DelegateList.hpp.
.PP
References stdext::foreach(), and m_obj_list.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void DL::DelegateList::add (\fBDelegateObj\fP m_obj)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file DelegateList.hpp.
.PP
References m_obj_list.
.PP
Referenced by main().
.SS "void DL::DelegateList::call ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 44 of file DelegateList.hpp.
.PP
References stdext::foreach(), and m_obj_list.
.PP
Referenced by main().
.SS "void DL::DelegateList::operator() ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
\fBDelegateList::operator()()\fP is used to emits all stored Delegates<>
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file DelegateList.hpp.
.PP
References stdext::foreach(), and m_obj_list.
.SS "void DL::DelegateList::reverse_call ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file DelegateList.hpp.
.PP
References stdext::foreach_reverse(), and m_obj_list.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::deque<\fBDelegateBase\fP*> \fBDL::DelegateList::m_obj_list\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 55 of file DelegateList.hpp.
.PP
Referenced by add(), call(), operator()(), reverse_call(), and ~DelegateList().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Extended C++ Callback Library from the source code.
