.TH "DL::Functor2" 3 "11 Mar 2005" "Version 0.0.4" "Extended C++ Callback Library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
DL::Functor2 \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Functor2.hpp>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBDL::DelegateBase\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFunctor2\fP (ReturnType(*function)(Param1, Param2), Param1 val1=Param1(), Param2 val2=Param2())"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Functor2\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBInvoke\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ReturnType \fBInvoke\fP (Param1 val1, Param2 val2)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFunctor2\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ReturnType(* \fBm_function\fP )(Param1, Param2)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Param1 \fBm_val1\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Param2 \fBm_val2\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class ReturnType, class Param1, class Param2> class DL::Functor2< ReturnType, Param1, Param2 >"
Functor for 2 Param
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file Functor2.hpp.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class ReturnType, class Param1, class Param2> \fBDL::Functor2\fP< ReturnType, Param1, Param2 >::\fBFunctor2\fP ()\fC [inline, private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file Functor2.hpp.
.SS "template<class ReturnType, class Param1, class Param2> \fBDL::Functor2\fP< ReturnType, Param1, Param2 >::\fBFunctor2\fP (ReturnType(*)(Param1, Param2) function, Param1 val1 = \fCParam1()\fP, Param2 val2 = \fCParam2()\fP)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 39 of file Functor2.hpp.
.PP
References DL::Functor2< ReturnType, Param1, Param2 >::m_function, DL::Functor2< ReturnType, Param1, Param2 >::m_val1, and DL::Functor2< ReturnType, Param1, Param2 >::m_val2.
.SS "template<class ReturnType, class Param1, class Param2> virtual \fBDL::Functor2\fP< ReturnType, Param1, Param2 >::~\fBFunctor2\fP ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 45 of file Functor2.hpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class ReturnType, class Param1, class Param2> ReturnType \fBDL::Functor2\fP< ReturnType, Param1, Param2 >::Invoke (Param1 val1, Param2 val2)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file Functor2.hpp.
.PP
References DL::Functor2< ReturnType, Param1, Param2 >::m_function.
.SS "template<class ReturnType, class Param1, class Param2> void \fBDL::Functor2\fP< ReturnType, Param1, Param2 >::Invoke ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Implements \fBDL::DelegateBase\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file Functor2.hpp.
.PP
References DL::Functor2< ReturnType, Param1, Param2 >::m_val1, and DL::Functor2< ReturnType, Param1, Param2 >::m_val2.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class ReturnType, class Param1, class Param2> ReturnType(* \fBDL::Functor2\fP< ReturnType, Param1, Param2 >::\fBm_function\fP)(Param1, Param2)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Referenced by DL::Functor2< ReturnType, Param1, Param2 >::Functor2(), and DL::Functor2< ReturnType, Param1, Param2 >::Invoke().
.SS "template<class ReturnType, class Param1, class Param2> Param1 \fBDL::Functor2\fP< ReturnType, Param1, Param2 >::\fBm_val1\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 35 of file Functor2.hpp.
.PP
Referenced by DL::Functor2< ReturnType, Param1, Param2 >::Functor2(), and DL::Functor2< ReturnType, Param1, Param2 >::Invoke().
.SS "template<class ReturnType, class Param1, class Param2> Param2 \fBDL::Functor2\fP< ReturnType, Param1, Param2 >::\fBm_val2\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file Functor2.hpp.
.PP
Referenced by DL::Functor2< ReturnType, Param1, Param2 >::Functor2(), and DL::Functor2< ReturnType, Param1, Param2 >::Invoke().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Extended C++ Callback Library from the source code.
